Documents ICs from THM (#24542)
idaholab/moose: modules/thermal_hydraulics/doc/content/source/ics/VectorVelocityIC.md

\begin{equation}
u_i = u_d d_i
\end{equation}

> where $u$ is the velocity vector, $u_d$ is a user-provided scalar function and $d$ is the direction
> of the element where this IC is being applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $u$ is the velocity vector, $\mathbf{d}$ is the unit direction vector
of the element where this IC is being applied,
and $u_d$ is a user-provided function for the component of velocity in the direction $\mathbf{d}$.
```
